Item Number: SCP-7238
Rating: 50
Series: series-8
Tags: _listpages, alive, are-we-cool-yet, artistic, bleak, cognitohazard, doctor-rights, eventyr, horror, humanoid, keter, knowledge, mythological, pseudogenesis, psychological-horror, reality-bending, ritual, scp, the-critic, uncontained

"our lies convince, but, we have the skill, when we will, to create the truth"

 

Are We Cool Yet?

Are We Cool Yet

 is an invitation-only artist collective dedicated to creating the most impactful, thought provoking meaningful works of art that can exist. We use our anomalous gifts to create art that could not exist without us, art that questions the foundational assumptions society works off of, art that will revolutionize the world.

Who Are We?

We are artists. Independent thinkers. Rebels against the status quo. We see the potential, and we seize it. Morality? Weakness? Boredom? Non-coolness? We reject it all, eschewing the shackles of commercial art, and elevating ourselves into a higher state of being.

We are the Artists and the World is Our Canvas.

 

Join AWCY

So you want to be part of our collective of artists across the globe, creating revolutionary works of art? No problem, we'd love to have you in our community!

To join, you must meet the following requirements:

You are currently of consenting age;

1

You are willing to get a tattoo as a part of your initiation;

You are currently not, nor have ever been an employee of The Foundation, Foundation subsidiaries, or any other normalcy organizations;

You create art.

If you meet the above qualifications, you can submit your application using the link below! (Please note: There is a mandatory application fee.)

Join AWCY

 

Meet The Arts Council

The 

Arts Council

 is formed of the top anomalous artists throughout this universe and beyond. We are a trusted group of cultural leaders, influential artists, established patrons and the original founding members of 

Are We Cool Yet

, who guide our collective towards greatness.

We are a council of experts, each with our own laundry list of accolades, artworks and insights - together we shape what our collective is, by coordinating events, allocating funds, planning exhibitions and more!

Membership to the Arts Council is offered to members on a case-by-case basis, and happens once per year during the 

Induction Ceremony

.

The Arts Council focuses on keeping our artist collective running smoothly, another individual makes the decisions for the direction and mission of 

Are We Cool Yet

:

 

The Critic

Imogen Harper, The Critic (2008-2010)

 

So Who Is 'The Critic?'

The Critic is an appointed position that determines the overall vision, mission and message of 

Are We Cool Yet

. They are chosen on the retirement of the former Critic, selected from who we feel are the most promising up-and-coming artists, revolutionizing the anomalous art world.

 

Former Critics have been undiscovered maestros, reclusive artistic hermits, Deer College Students, mothers, conceptual beings and more! We are always looking for new potential candidates for the position of Critic, so who knows, YOU might be next…

 

 

Want to see more, Doctor?

Footnotes

1

. In your respective country, dimension, freeport, exoplanetary settlement or otherwise.