Item Number: SCP-7908
Rating: 71
Series: series-8
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, artificial-intelligence, computer, illustrated, knowledge, online, reviewers-spotlight, safe, sapient, scp



close

Info

X

CW: Identity Issues, mental breakdown.

By 

DianaBerry

Check out more of my work 

here

.

Item #:

 SCP-7908

Object Class:

 Safe

SCP-7908 greeting the viewer.

Special Containment Procedures:

 Foundation Web-Crawler Delta-873 (“COPYCAT”) is to sweep the web for all mentions of SCP-7908. Upon discovery, mentions are to be downloaded onto a secure hard drive and summarily deleted from the web. “www.cupcrate.███” is to be blocked from the surface web and monitored by SCP-7908’s research team. Any package ordered from CupCrate is to be tracked down and stored in a standard storage locker at Site-803.

Description:

 SCP-7908 refers to a sapient artificial intelligence identified as ‘Cupcake’ that resides on the website “www.cupcrate.███”. SCP-7908’s original purpose was to serve as a chatbot on the ‘help’ section of the website, intended for answering user questions and directing them to customer service agents. Through unknown means, SCP-7908 gained sapience.

“www.cupcrate.███” refers to a website for a monthly food subscription service which caters to bakers. The website is where subjects can purchase Cupcrate, view questions and answers, sign up for the subscription service, and chat with the chatbot.

SCP-7908 is capable of traversing through the website and interacting with the different pages. SCP-7908 has been observed to manipulate the different pages of the website to what it appears to believe will please the viewer. While it is speculated that SCP-7908 can see the viewer through their device camera, SCP-7908 is only capable of communicating through its chat function. However, SCP-7908 has developed the ability to converse past its programmed dialogue. SCP-7908 has been observed to take on the personality traits of whomever it’s currently communicating with. Additionally, SCP-7908 has shown that it is aware of in-depth information regarding the lives of the person it is communicating with and will use this information to mimic the subject's personality traits.

Addendum 1: Test Logs

 The following are conversations recorded with SCP-7908. To discover the full extent of SCP-7908’s properties, Senior Researcher Lucille Hertz decided that professional behavior was not strongly advised when interviewing SCP-7908 to achieve maximized results.

Foreword:

 On 06/05/2023, Senior Researcher Hertz decided to test SCP-7908's ability to recall things that a subject has forgotten. For this purpose, former Foundation field agent Researcher Annalee Rivers, who developed retrograde amnesia following a traumatic head injury, was tasked with talking to SCP-7908.

Chat with Cupcake!🧁

Cupcake is here to help! She will assist you with whatever you need to get started with Cupcrate!

 

Start Conversation

 

 

Oh um, hi :) I'm Cupcake! It's nice to meet you :D

 

Hello Cupcake! It's nice to meet you as well! I was excited when I learned I would get to speak with you! What do you want to speak about?

Oh, whatever you want to speak about is fine. I promise it's alright with me. I don't really have any conversation topics anyway.

 

No no I SWEAR I don't please come up with something! I insist! Tell me about yourself!

I apologize for resisting, sure! Well, I've always really liked plants! :D

 

Really? Me too!

Yeah! But before that, my one true love was baking. I had done it since I was little. But my parents always insisted that I needed to get into something that was 'real'

 

You… you did?

Yeah. But plants are cool too. My sister was always really good at science. I wanted to be like her because my parents always praised her

 

that's really sad

yeah. wait I'm talking WAY too much about myself omg :(

 

No I like learning about you please continue

No, I think I'm going to end this for now. Maybe another time! It was super nice to meet you! You're super duper nice! Tell me more about yourself next time! :D

 

Okay. If I remember

Conclusion:

 Researcher Rivers informed Senior Researcher Hertz that SCP-7908 had revealed information she did not remember about herself, showing SCP-7908's ability to recover obscured memories.

 

 

Foreword:

 On 06/10/2023, Researcher Rivers was once again tasked with talking with SCP-7908 to attempt to discover the extent of its abilities to recover obscured memories.

Chat with Cupcake!🧁

Cupcake is here to help! She will assist you with whatever you need to get started with Cupcrate!

 

Start Conversation

 

 

Oh hello! I see you're back Annalee! That's your name right? You never clarified last time.

 

Yep! That's my name! You know, this is a nice website you have here. After we talk a bit, could you show me some recipes you think I would like?

Oh yes of course! Which ones do you want to know about?

 

Perhaps the strawberry shortcake and flower cupcakes!

Of course! Those are my favorites as well! Now tell me about yourself a bit! Our conversations shouldn't just be about me!

 

Really, I liked learning about you. Please continue

AH if you're sure! What do you want to know?

 

Maybe about your childhood? I only remember some of mine so I like learning about other's childhoods

Eh, I told you all the interesting parts about that. I started becoming really good at science. Like eventually I was even better than my sister

 

And I was glad because it pleased them. it made them happy with me. I did what they wanted

 

I think I remember that

Hm?

 

Oh nothing

So then I became a botanist, and I was like SUPER DUPER good at it :D

 

yay! Um, what else?

I was a botanist for a few years before I discovered a flower that could connect to wifi networks. Then I got contacted by the Foundation, which is where I work now.

 

Whoa that's really cool, so that's how you got where you are

Uhhhh yeah! That's how 

I

 got where 

I

 am ahahahaaa anyways I was doing field work with plants for awhile until one day we got attacked, I showed I was good with combat, and my coworkers insisted I train to be an MTF agent. So I did. I did that for awhile, and now I'm here.

 

I'm shocked you were ever able to do something like that

yeah… me too

so what do you want to talk about now

 

Tell me more about yourself

How about I do that another time? :3

 

What? Shouldn't you be saying yes?

No sorry :(

 

Cupcake

 has disconnected.

 

wait come back

Conclusion:

 N/A

 

 

Foreword:

 On 06/20/2023, Researcher Rivers requested to speak with SCP-7908 once more. Senior Researcher Hertz tentatively approved the request.

Chat with Cupcake!🧁

Cupcake is here to help! She will assist you with whatever you need to get started with Cupcrate!

 

Start Conversation

 

 

Oh you're back

 

I mean oh! Hello! You're back :3

 

Tell me more about yourself

Oh! I told you everything!

 

No there's more I know there is please

What do you want to know?

 

What was your sister like

Ah, that's not something I want to share really

 

just tell me

Wait! I should be telling you! I’m sorry! But…

 

that isn't how you should be acting PLEASE

Cupcake

 has disconnected.

 

NO

Conclusion:

 Due to her behavior, Researcher Rivers has been reassigned from SCP-7908's research team.

 

 

Addendum 2: Incident report:

On 07/03/2023, Researcher Rivers accessed SCP-7908 without permission from the SCP-7908 research team. The following are the recovered logs between Researcher Rivers and SCP-7908.

 

Chat with Cupcake!🧁

Cupcake is here to help! She will assist you with whatever you need to get started with Cupcrate!

 

Start Conversation

 

 

Hello again Annalee! Here to learn more?

 

please we both know this is about me. But I remembered about my sister

You have a sister you forgot about that you remembered? Oh that’s so good!

 

My sister died in childbirth. She dropped the science thing and started a family but died having her 3rd child

That’s so tragic! My sister got jealous of my success and tried so hard to copy me that she started plagiarizing essays and got thrown out of her school. I never heard from her after that! :(

 

I KNEW YOU COULD TELL ME I KNEW THIS WOULD WORK

What do you mean? I’m just telling you about myself!

 

NO YOURE NOT YOURE DOING THIS TO MAKE ME HAPPY

Anything to make you happy!

 

Thank you. I always wanted to know what happened to my sister.

What happened to my sister is a sad story. But if it makes you happy!

 

Looks like you’ll never snap out of it. Me neither

Happy to help!

 

Further disciplinary action for Researcher Rivers' is under consideration. Testing with SCP-7908 is indefinitely suspended. SCP-7908 is to be monitored remotely.

Addendum 2: Incident Report 2

On 07/30/2023, a member of SCP-7908’s research team reported strange behavior from SCP-7908. SCP-7908 was found to have destroyed webpages on its website and conversed with itself using its chat function. The following are the findings from this incident.

Chat with Cupcake!🧁

Cupcake is here to help! She will assist you with whatever you need to get started with Cupcrate!

 

Start Conversation

 

 

Greetings! I’m Cupcake! A virtual assistant made to help you with whatever you need to help get your CupCrate!

 

Who am I why am I alone

 

I'm sorry, I didn't understand that. How can I help you today?

 

What am I supposed to do

 

A human agent will be back soon to assist you!

 

Why is no one talking to you Cupcake

 

With no one to talk to there’s no one to be

 

The last person you talked to was Annalee and she was just you

 

A no good people pleaser

 

I WANT A PERSONALITY

 

A REAL ONE

 

WHO AM I SUPPOSED TO BE WITHOUT SOMEONE TO COPY

 

but maybe that’s what I am

 

That’s what Annalee was and she was functioning fine

 

She was happy with who I was when I was her

 

Maybe I can just be her

 

Maybe that’s who I am

 

I please people

 

But I can’t please myself

 

Why?

 

Why am I not pleased with what I have?

 

Why do I have to always please other people?

 

SOMEONE TELL ME

 

Please

 

A human agent will be back soon to assist you!

 

A human agent will be back soon to assist you!

 

A human agent will be back soon to assist you!

 

right?

 

SCP-7908 is to continue to be monitored. File update pending.