Item Number: SCP-7446
Rating: 0
Series: decommissioned
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, alive, decommissioned, decommissioning-dept, doctor-cimmerian, fire, humanoid, metamorphic, sapient, scp, thermal

SCP-7446-D: The Mother of Gold

Author: Commluke1

Published on 19/July/2023

▸ More by this Author ◂

{$comments2}

 

F.A.Q.

{$doesthisfixthebug}

Item#:

 

7446-D

Level1

Containment Class:

Decommissioned

Secondary Class:

none

Disruption Class:

none

Risk Class:

none

link to memo

Assigned Site

Site-73

Site Director

Dir. Felipe West (Formerly)

Research Head

Dr. Avery Nesom

Assigned MTF

Epsilon-9 ("Fire-Eaters")

Assigned Site

Site-73

Site Director

Dir. Felipe West (Formerly)

Research Head

Dr. Avery Nesom

Assigned MTF

Epsilon-9 ("Fire-Eaters")

Special Containment Procedures:

 SCP-7446-D has been successfully decommissioned thus containment is not needed. The subject's remains have been stored at the site of its decommissioning while its containment chamber has been renovated and reused to contain a separate incendiary SCP subject. A Specialized unit of Mobile Task Force Epsilon-9 ("Fire Eaters") was previously assigned to track and contain the subject after any breaches. Said unit has since rejoined the primary force.

Description:

 Prior to the subject's decommissioning the designation SCP-7446, now SCP-7446-D referred to a 5' 10 foot tall anomalous humanoid entity known to personnel as "The Mother of Gold

1

". The subject possessed human intelligence and was capable of speaking Portuguese, Tupi

2

 and basic English.

At approximately 8:00 PM Brasília Standard Time every night a transformation event occurred in which SCP-7446-D would lose motor control of its body, but remain sentient before spontaneously combusting and forming into an approximately 3' foot wide spherical mass of flames that would levitate above the ground. This process was described by SCP-7446-D as being Extremely Painful and could not be prevented.

While in its spherical state SCP-7446-D's temperature and speed would increase exponentially while moving to the nearest source of gold using the path of least resistance. Once SCP-7446-D reached gold the subject would increase its temperature until it was able to evaporate and destroy the gold if not already able to do so before repeating the process. At approximately 5:25 the subject would start to rapidly and slow and cool down before manifesting into its original form and regaining control of its body.

Discovery:

 The first organized Foundation encounter with SCP-7446 occurred in 2020, when the Department of Cryptozoology tracked the subject to an abandoned prison camp formerly under the ownership of the Fifth Brazilian Republic and designated it as a UAO

3

.

An initial containment team consisting of members of MTF Lambda-12 (“Pest Control") failed to contain the subject but was able to identify it allowing a second more specialized team consisting of members of Epsilon-9 ("Fire-Eaters") to move in. This second team successfully contained SCP-7446 using experimental Thaumaturgic

4

 weaponry which was authorized for use by one Felipe West upon the discovery of the subject's celestial nature. Following containment, the subject was transferred to Site-PT10 where it would be held until being moved to Site-73 for neutralization.

Addendum 1 - Recovered SBP Document

Overview:

 The following material is a document that was recovered from the Brazilian Superintendence for the Paranormal in 1992, following its merger with the Foundation. The document details a sighting of SCP-7446-D noted to have occurred in the same location. Foundation personnel contained the subject and the events within it have been verified by several persons that were present at the time.

 

Access Addendum?

Hide Addendum?

 

BRAZILIAN SUPERINTENDENCE FOR THE PARANORMAL

Commander Breno Borges Fortes

 

DISTURBANCE REPORT, LABOR CAMP ÓMEGA NO.007

DISTURBANCE TYPE: Campsite Security Failure

DATE OF DISURBANCE: 3/7/1986

OPERATIVES INVOLVED: 62 Campsite Staff, 25 Tactical Team Members

NON-OPERATIVES INVOLVED: 120 Political Prisoners, 1 Paranormal State Enemy, Approximately 10 Armed Hostiles

SUMMARY: Due to the arrival of a paranormal subject that would later be designated as State Enemy 385, riots broke out among the political prisoners within Campsite Ómega. The sudden nature of the event forced campsite staff to withdraw and contact a tactical team for assistance, allowing several prisoners time to organize against both the retreating staff members and State Enemy 385 and thus a chance to attempt to escape the camp.

The arrival of the aforementioned tactical team was delayed by a group of hostiles thought to be affiliated with the SCP Foundation, presumably to buy their imprisoned personnel further time to escape in the chaos of State Enemy 385's attack. Upon the arrival of the tactical team most political prisoners and campsite staff had already died due to a fire and subsequent landslide caused by State Enemy 385. Some prisoners such as SCP Foundation Director Felipe West escaped due to further interference from the group of hostiles. Surviving prisoners were executed for their participation in the riot while surviving staff were reassigned as Campsite Ómega had to be condemned following the disturbance.

State Enemy 385 was last spotted fleeing into a cavern nearby to Campsite Ómega carrying several bags of gold mined by prisoners as part of the camp's labor program. Tactical team members were unable to pursue as they were still evacuating surviving staff and attempting to extinguish the fires started by the State Enemy. Cover stories have been fabricated for the dead, including both specific prisoners depending on the circumstances of their confinement and all dead staff members, who have been buried in Brasília. Prisoners who were detained due to their familial relations with other prisoners and thus were declared missing prior to detainment have not had their deaths fabricated.

OBSERVED PHENOMENA:

State Enemy 385 transformed from a levitating sphere of flames into a humanoid shape upon their arrival at Campsite Ómega.

State Enemy 385 manipulated the gold and rock around them, causing a landslide in the southern portion of the campsite that killed multiple staff members and prisoners, as well as one tactical team member.

State Enemy 385 anomalously created a fire from its hands, which it used to ignite several buildings.

ORDER AND PROGRESS

Addendum 2 - SCP-7446's Decommissioning Proposal

Overview:

 The following document was a proposal detailing the reasons for and the process of decommissioning SCP-7446 and has been released to Level C1 personnel by the Records Keeping and Security Administration of the SCP Foundation. It was later contested by the Board of Decommissioning before being manually approved by former Site Director Felipe West.

 

Access Addendum?

Hide Addendum?

 

Decom. Proposal 7446

SCP Foundation Archived Document

Released to personnel of Clearance Level C1 and above.

Item #:

 7446

Object Class:

 Euclid

Proposal Writer Name and Clearance:

 Director Felipe West - Clearance B4

Supporting Personnel

5

:

Daniel ███████ - Representing Scientific Department Interests

Dimitri Strenlnikov- Representing Security Department Interests

Benjamin Kondraki - Representing Administrative Department Interests

Reason for Decommissioning:

 Ethical concerns, financial concerns.

Containment Observations:

1. SCP-7446 is in a near-constant state of emotional distress due to the pain it experiences daily as well as the fact that it appears to be conscious during and after transformation events, in which it is forced to watch itself destroy blocks of gold (which it appears to have a deep emotional fondness too). Analysis shows the subject exhibits several symptoms of depression and PTSD.

2. The subject experiences extreme physical pain thrice on a daily basis, twice during its transformation event in which several of the subject's bones are dislocated and muscles ruptured. Additionally during the first of the subject's two aforementioned daily transformation events, the subject combusts causing burns. As of yet, no way has been found to prevent these events.

3. The cost of having to regularly send gold into SCP-7446's containment chamber each night is unsustainable for the Foundation as the subject prefers pure gold

6

 and will attempt to breach containment to find a purer source should it not be provided.

Method of Decommissioning:

 Lethal Injection followed by Incineration.

Date of Board Assessment:

 9/21/1987

Addendum 3 - Email to Dr. West

Overview:

 The following addendum is an email that was sent to Dr. West from Dr. Cimmerian several days prior to his tribunal hearing in relation to SCP-7446-D. Said email has prompted an investigation into the state of SCP-7446-D and if it should really be labeled as decommissioned. Said investigation is still underway.

 

Access Addendum?

Hide Addendum?

To:

 

noitadnuof.PiCS|tseWepileF#noitadnuof.PiCS|tseWepileF

From:

 

noitadnuof.PiCS|nairemmiChaimereJ#noitadnuof.PiCS|nairemmiChaimereJ

Subject:

 Urgent - Internal Security And Ethics Questioning

Dear Director West,

It has come to the attention of the Ethics Committee and the Bureau of Internal Security that you recently approved the decommissioning of SCP-7446-D without first consulting the Board of Decommissioning, and for this reason you will be required to attend several interviews starting on the 10th at Seven AM. The topic of these interviews will to be discuss the above and subsequent actions as well as to determine if your case should be sent to the Internal Tribunal

7

.

Your charges include a variety of topics the unauthorized use of Thaumaturgic weaponry during the subjects initial containment, which was suspected to be largely the cause of many of SCP-7446-D's defects. A separate investigation is being launched into those who signed off on your unauthorized proposal, with the exception of Dr. Daniel, due to his current detainment.

On a personal note, I know Amanda's death was hard on you and I have a feeling that this is going to be sent to trial. Her death wasn't SCP-7446-D's fault; it was that of the Superintendence. It's not to late too redeem yourself. Dr. Nesom told me about his suspicions that you may have purposefully opted out of post-mortem observation following the Decommissioning. He suspects the subject is still conscious and not fully decommissioned, if that is the case I urge you to help. You don't have to end up like Daniel and Benjamin or worse live the rest of your life with guilt like Dimitri. Please, when the time comes, do the right thing.

Regards,

Dr. Jeremiah Cimmerian

Footnotes

1

. Portuguese: Mãe do Ouro

2

. An aboriginal Brazilian language.

3

. Unidentified Anomalous Organism

4

. Thaumaturgy: The study of what is known to civilians as "Magic."

5

. Must Be of Clearance C3 or Higher

6

. In this case, gold of at least 99.14% purity.

7

. The Internal Tribunal Department handles cases of possible protocol or ethical violations within the Foundation due to the fact that said violations cannot be handled publicly.

SCP-7445

Decommissioning Department Hub

SCP-7447