Title: SCP-8446
Item Number: SCP-8446
Rating: 95
Series: series-9
Tags: _cc, _cc4, animal, body-horror, cadaver, compulsion, cosmic-horror, deer, esoteric-class, fifthist, horror, mind-affecting, mythological, phenomenon, religious, scp, skeletal, surrealism, uncontained

Dino--Draws

Written by 

Dino--Draws

View my other works here!

The cabin contained a single room, empty of decoration or furniture outside of 1,596 deer skulls.

{$caption}

SCP-8446.

Special Containment Procedures:

 The mechanics behind SCP-8446 are presently unknown. All carcasses are to be burned and buried.

Description:

 SCP-8446 refers to a phenomenon in which masses of deer will entangle their antlers. All discoveries tied to these events have so far been deceased, with the remains heavily rotted or completely decayed. So far, instances of SCP-8446 have been found throughout the Appalachian Mountains, all of which were composed of native 

Cervidae

.

1

The first SCP-8446 was discovered by the staff of Geological Research Site-898 on 15/01/1975 within the mountains surrounding the Site. This instance was comprised of four individual deer, two of which were decapitated. The bodies were not found. Due to knowledge of 

SCP-6448

's prevalence in the region,

2

 the 

Cryptozoology Division

 was contacted to aid in investigation.

The following SCP-8446 instances have since been discovered:

17/01/1975:

 The clustered, skeletal remains of five white-tailed deer were found at the bottom of Red Brook.

3

 While the skulls were intact, the majority of the bones were not present.

23/01/1975:

 An instance consisting of eight heavily decayed bodies. Three were decapitated, their heads hanging from the antlers of the other bodies.

31/01/1975:

 Comprised of thirteen deer, the remains had not yet been scavenged. Surrounding vegetation had been torn up. Over half of the deer had broken or mangled limbs.

03/02/1975:

 Notable disruption from previous arrangements. Fifteen carcasses were found with their antlers locked in a spiral.

06/02/1975:

 Second spiral formation. Instance was the remains of eighteen white-tailed deer, deceased for roughly one month.

Four weeks into this investigation, a previously undiscovered cabin was found on the Bartlett Mountain, one of the several mountains neighboring Site-898. It appeared abandoned, with its exterior heavily overtaken by foliage. MTF Gamma-89, alongside three members of the Cryptozoology Division, were sent to investigate.

The interior is pictured below.

Location of Interest 8446.

The cabin contained a single room, empty of decoration or furniture outside of 1,596 deer skulls.

Altar.

Another SCP-8446 instance was laid within the room's center, comprised of 25 individual carcasses. All of them appeared to be recently deceased. Similar to previous discoveries, the bodies lay in a spiral array.

The decayed remains of a buck with non-typical,

4

 15-point antlers were standing at the center of the mass. It was positioned to face the only taxidermy deer within the room, whose head was mounted on the wall opposing the cabin's entrance.

How the copious amounts of carcasses ended up in the cabin remains unknown.

Further investigation of Location of Interest 8446 revealed the presence of Akiva radiation within. Analysis of the burial zones of previously discovered instances revealed comparable results. It has been discovered that there exists a positive correlation between the number of deer carcasses within a SCP-8446 manifestation and an increase in Akiva levels.

Special Containment Procedures Update:

All remains from SCP-8446 instances are to be burned with narcissus, wolfsbane and bleeding heart flowers prior to burial.

5

By 23/02/1975, several more SCP-8446 manifestations were discovered throughout the Appalachians, with the remains becoming increasingly more fresh with the exception of a single fossilized instance.

6

 The largest of the recent clusters, however, contained 46 individual deer. Notably these manifestations began to include the bodies of deceased SCP-6448 instances; the only time these anomalies have ever been found dead. All carcasses were hollow upon investigation.

One week later, a pair of SCP-6448 was spotted on Site-898 grounds. The two anomalies were digging where one of the previous SCP-8446 instances had been buried. After debriefing, a squad of security personnel were dispatched. Footage recorded by Security Chief Zoe Miranda shows that one of the SCP-6448 paused in digging to remark: "Ashes will do."

No present personnel responded nor reacted. Instances were scared off via gunshot, as per typical deer.

As a result of this incident, Site-898 has established a permanent Cryptozoology Sector.

Special Containment Procedures Update:

Site-898 is to follow the 

CERVUS PROTOCOL

 indefinitely.

A severe storm hit Mount Mitchell, North Carolina, USA

7

 on 05/05/1975. Wind speeds reached 93 kilometers per hour, and excessive rainfall began to cause flooding. Local authorities, under guidance of the Foundation, issued an evacuation order for North Carolina's Appalachian region, warning of potential mudslides. Power outages began to occur.

Approximately five hours into the evacuation, the peak was struck by lightning.

Akiva radiation levels within the Appalachians as a whole suddenly experienced a massive spike.

The first living instance of SCP-8446 is discovered upon the mountaintop.

Special Containment Procedures Update:

Efforts to contain SCP-8446 are to be discontinued. Containment class has been updated to Atlas, as the item ensures the existence of the surrounding reality and should not be restrained. Passage through the Appalachian mountains is to be restricted and monitored.

The old gods of Appalachia are to be left alone.

View below.

SCP-8446 manifested,

Monarchacervus deus.

Footnotes

1

. Typically, white-tailed deer.

2

. The “not-deer” phenomenon of Appalachia. Anomalous 

Cervidae

 that stalk and kill individuals who recognize them as “wrong”. Though they did not have an official SCP designation until 1980, said file was being drafted around this time.

3

. A tributary that runs through Site-898's grounds.

4

. Terminology utilized when a deer's antlers are irregular or asymmetrical.

5

. In the event that these cannot be sourced, any foliage known to repel/be poisonous to deer will suffice.

6

. Contained seven 

Cervalces scotti

, an extinct deer species from the Late Pleistocene. Implications unknown.

7

. The highest point of the Appalachians.

 