Title: SCP-7989
Item Number: SCP-7989
Rating: 13
Series: series-8
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, _the-bureaucrat, ectoentropic, esoteric-class, nightmarefest, rewritable, scp, the-administrator, tool



close

Info

X

SCP-7989

Enjoy Yourself, You’ve Earned It

Written by 

Jack Waltz

— 

Check out my author page

 —

 

Hello user! I would first like to confirm your identity before granting you access to this file. If you're truly who you say you are, please continue and view the image attached below…

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

VIEWER HAS SURVIVED…

 

IDENTITY CONFIRMED…

 

 

 

FILE:SCP-7989

FILE:SCP-7989

Special Containment Procedures:

 SCP-7989 is held at Protected Site-01 under heavy security by 

MTF Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand")

. Other lethal security measures shall ensure that SCP-7989 is not obtained and utilised by personnel lacking O5 credentials.

SCP-7989's documented file will not be uploaded into the 

SCP-001

 slot. This is to prevent the file from being conspicuous to any would-be perpetrators. If this file is indeed accessed by unauthorised personnel, all available Foundation resources must be used to track, locate, and terminate the perpetrator. This must be accomplished by any means possible with haste.

Description:

 SCP-7989 is an object of unknown origin retrieved by the individual known as the Administrator

1

 in the late 1870s. The falsified description, provided to a majority of administrative personnel, states that this object's documentation is located in the SCP-001 slot and is what prompted the creation of the SCP Foundation and its directive to maintain normalcy in the civilian population. To "secure, contain, and protect" is the titular objective the Foundation primarily employs as a result. In truth, SCP-7989 possesses the ability to create anomalous phenomena and is the cause of all anomalies, contained or otherwise.

When held by an individual and given a verbal prompt, the object will manifest an anomalous object, entity, or phenomenon in a specified location.

2

 Vague prompts appear to have a randomised effect on the anomaly created while more detailed and thorough descriptions generate more concise anomalies based on the prompt. All prompts must be reviewed by multiple specialised AICs to determine any loopholes or unspecified attributes which may create undesirable anomalies. This must be done thoroughly to ensure that an anomaly's containment would be possible with the Foundation's resources or is manageable even without full containment. Your prompt must only be used with the Administrator's approval.

Created anomalies are either left to be discovered naturally by Foundation field agents or are immediately contained based on their threat to the Veil, which must be protected at all costs to ensure the preservation of normalcy. They are to be documented with non-factual information about their history afterwards and declassified to major governments and other invaluable sponsors. Intentional accidents that may cause damage and fatalities to civilians are permitted.

History:

 Following its discovery, SCP-7989 was mainly utilised by the Administrator to improve their family's wealth and social standing. However, after an incident that resulted in the accidental creation of 

SCP-173

, the Administrator decided to found the SCP Foundation for the purpose of containing dangerous anomalies of their own creation. The organisation rapidly grew in power and the knowledge of anomalies and their existence was quickly known to major national governments.

SCP-7989 is utilised for the benefit of the Administrator and the rest of the O5 Council.

Footnotes

1

. The Administrator's identity is undisclosed. However, you are all aware that they are among the Council's members.

2

. The anomaly manifests in random locations if not. There have been instances where anomalies were lost and undiscovered as a result.

 

 

You are now good to go! 

CODENAME:Administrator

 hopes you will enjoy your role here at the Council, and please don't hesitate to contact me another time if you have any further questions.

Oh, yes. I would also like to remind you of an upcoming conference to discuss the creation of a new XK Class threat to convince our sponsors to allocate more funding towards our "cause".

Don't forget, you wouldn't want to miss it!

 

 