Item Number: SCP-7508
Rating: 9
Series: series-8
Tags: archon, extradimensional, scp

Item#:

 

7508

Level1

Containment Class:

esoteric

Secondary Class:

archon

Disruption Class:

keneq

Risk Class:

caution

link to memo

Special Containment Procedures:

 All documents passed through SCP-7508 are to be moved to the onsite filing system at Site 56. Copies of the documents are permitted for use upon request. The original version is to be kept in a separate sealed container within the site to prevent possible damage. Any sightings of SCP-7508 are to be covered up through Foundation disinformation campaigns, and residents who witnessed or are otherwise aware of the anomaly are to be provided class B amnestics. Additional Ostopan items found after a containment breach should be kept in containment box A-4 in Site 56's Patallurgy Department.

Those affected by SCP-7508 are to be consistently tracked, and their birth records scrubbed of any information pertaining to Ostopa. Any signs of criminal activity in tracked individuals should be scrubbed off local databases and kept out of custody, with class B or class A amnestics depending on the nature of the crime or possible impact. If a breach occurs, SCP-7508 should not be immediately interacted with. Instead, the anomaly should play out before action is taken on distributing amnestics and preventing further containment breaches. MTF Iota-4 ("High Horses") is to continue tracking possible cases of SCP-7508-A, and any discovered breaches are to be passed to MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") alongside assistance from Xi-13 ("Sequere Nos") and Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") when necessary.

Description:

 SCP-7508 manifestations are semi-stable gateways averaging 3m * 1.5m in size, with their appearance mainly seen near those designated as SCP-7508-A. Upon activation, SCP-7508 will materialize within 2 meters of the subject, with upwards of 100 armored individuals stepping out of the gateway and "rescuing" SCP-7508-A before going back through the gateway. These individuals, alongside various pieces of physical media, are the only items that have left manifestations of SCP-7508. Activation of SCP-7508 and the warriors occur when those affected are in a state of containment or restraint. The rescue process beyond this point consists of terminating those responsible for SCP-7508-A's restraint and moving them away from the location of containment.

SCP-7508-A is the collective title of several families spread across the United Kingdom, each of which possesses genetic history that cannot be linked to any other found on Earth. Through archived letters, their origins point back to an ethnic group known as Ostopans. The Ostopan lineage first showed up on record in the 1821 United Kingdom census, with a report of 37 people with no traceable origin appearing in what would later be known as Cardiff, Wales. Genetic analytics have shown that the Ostopan population has remained within the UK, though has spread out to parts of Scotland, Britain, and Northern Ireland. The total population of SCP-7508-A remains at a steady incline, though the percentage of Ostopan genetics is on the decline. Testing has identified a decline in breaches from SCP-7508-A when the genetic material tied to the summoning of SCP-7508 dips below 15% of their total genetic heritage. Once this happens, containment and otherwise imprisonment of the anomaly occurs without breaching and they are considered effectively neutralized.

In cases where SCP-7508 does not appear directly by an SCP-7508-A instance, written mail has been seen moving out of the gateways. Interception has been consistently successful in the capture of the letters. Letters produced from SCP-7508 are written in an unknown language linguistically similar to Ancient Cyrillic, and are otherwise non-anomalous. The letters that have left SCP-7508 are authored by various individuals within the separate reality; notably, all of them are of royalty status. As of current tracking, all letters that have left SCP-7508 have been successfully intercepted and translated.

Discovery:

 The letters originating from SCP-7508 were first cataloged on July 14th, 1936, intercepted by a Foundation agent during the search for 

anonymously produced newspapers

. SCP-7508 superimposed itself within the agent's sight, before a single letter was dispelled and the instance closed. The letter was brought to Site 56, and plans to track mail going through the English postal system were set in place before the second appearance of SCP-7508 was cataloged.

Translation Artifact - 7508Letter2:

Foreword:

 The letter was intercepted in the Scottish postal system on August 3rd, 1936. Dating has shown that when the Foundation intercepted the document, it had only been written 2 days prior.

To my sweetest Joline,

1

I am most enthralled to inform you that the war has started to go into our favor; our mighty soldiers have been able to capture many of the traitors. To the best of what they could tell me, they were able to outflank the opposition and killed hundreds. The rest of them gave up and surrendered before it could turn into a total bloodbath. Sadly, they still have their leaders safe and able to keep charge. I've heard of a plan to send in a couple skilled assassins for an ambush, but it seems to still be in development amongst the more military inclined members.

In the scope of supplies, we've been able to take more farmsteads. They said we'll be seeing a surplus of wheat and potato products over the next few months. Hopefully I can use it to talk more fellow Ostopans to fight on the side for good, but that will likely need to be later down the line. As long as this war doesn't stretch to 10 years, I should be able to recover and help you all get home.

But how has this new home been treating you all? I hope they've taken your royal status well. Some of the soldiers have been itching to go back to the United Kingdom, whatever it's called. I fail to see the excitement in a place below us in power and influence, but I assume not everyone likes all the security. Savages still exist out there, and most of them are being killed in this ridiculous war. I still have yet to understand their reasoning for going against me, since a lot of them have seemed to regret it.

But to give you something to chew on before I close out this message, I'm sure you've seen the royal dungeon, yes? All its glorious tools to get answers. Well, I have this traitor left in the dungeon, locked away but not telling us anything. I'll keep him alive enough to hear your response. In that, I hope to know what you think we should do to get answers from the traitor.

Your ruler and lover, King Euphriam.

Translation Artifact - 7508Letter5:

Foreword:

 The letter was discovered in the same postal system on January 25th, 1944.

To my dame, Joline,

The offensive has been majorly successful, and we're looking at a complete nullification of the insurrectionists. Though our army has been quite battered, they've remained firm in the push against those who opposed us. Unfortunately, with such a hasty turn of events, I have not yet considered how I will handle ridding our society of these heathens. Perhaps your next letter will guide me to a solution. You were always one for torture.

Speaking of letters, I've yearned to hear from you again. If it is perhaps a barrier of the postal system, I'm certain you can assert your title to them. The world I sent you and our kids to shouldn't be much different from ours; after all, I made sure of it. I wouldn't know why else you cannot speak to me.

Perhaps it's a lack of material to talk upon! I did write much about the war.

How are our children doing? I hope you have raised Lutheran well despite our current situations. He's been a shy one for sure. With the new environment, he's bound to have some concerns. Though he is also away from his conscripted friends, so perhaps he's no longer depending on them for support. I do not doubt the young man's strength; I'm sure these changes will lead him to be a fine young ruler.

Much is the same of Catherine and Dimitri, yes? Although I am sure you will tell me within the next few messages. I eagerly await them.

Your ruler and lover, King Euphriam.

Incident Log 7508-1:

 Through census records within the UK, the remaining Ostopan lineage was identified February 6th, 1946. Two agents were sent to one of their houses in order to apprehend and bring them in for questioning. When they were captured, SCP-7508 would activate, with roughly 30 troops moving out of the rift. The vehicle SCP-7508-A was placed in was flipped onto its side, and the present troops were able to break open the door, freeing the anomaly before leaving through the same gateway.

Smaller, more controlled tests proved this to happen when SCP-7508-A was ever unwillingly restrained or confined. Additionally, letters sent in through SCP-7508 became more general and unspecified.

Translation Artifact - 7508Letter6:

Foreword:

 The letter was discovered at the doorstep of the previously apprehended SCP-7508-A instance. This information was believed to be passed to the king from the soldiers. When prompted, the SCP-7508-A instance showed no ability to decipher the message. The letter was found on February 19th, 1946.

To whoever can read this,

I have spent many days wondering about the fate of my wife, and possibly your mother, Joline. Is she alright? Have the letters I've been sending reached any of you.

I am rather appalled that the people you have found a new home with do not know your title. This was not something I considered when bringing you all to safety, though perhaps I am able to correct this error of mine. What I do know, however, is where you currently live. I hope these letters will be reaching you much easier now, and whatever had you once apprehended will not be able to bother you, nor these messages. There has been much deliberation back at home about what this could all mean; perhaps our understanding of this other world wasn't as great.

Beyond this, who is this letter to? I was told you could be Catherine

2

, so if it is true, I dearly hope you are doing well. I've been left in the dark on so much of your development that it's concerned me greatly about the welfare of the rest of the family. I've been concerned that you all are unable to find your way back home, or even worse, you do not know what home is.

I wince at the thought.

To keep you and whoever else up to date, the death of the revolution has been successful, and Ostopa shines on. Perhaps for not as long as we hope though, as no other royal has heard about their family. I wish to give them some sort of good news, so I implore you to speak to us. Whenever you can create another gateway, send a message, anything to show us you're alive and aware.

If you can make a gateway, come home. The throne is open and willing for Lutheran, Dimitri, or you. Anyone to keep the stars shining on this kingdom.

Your ruler and father, King Euphriam.

Translation Artifact - 7508Letter9:

Foreword:

 The letter was intercepted at the doorstep of Marie MacGregor's home on August 11th, 1955.

To anyone left,

Come home. I have been forced to share the terrible news to the other royals that there has never been a reply, and I've been met with a justified hatred. Tirelessly I've spent my months falsifying everything, trying to act in good faith and certainty that I would get anything back. Alas, I have nothing.

Is this Catherine I am still speaking to? I hope it will be so, but with no replies from her or Joline, I worry something terrible has happened to them. Perhaps death has come quicker than I thought it would, a new world with diseases I did not know of. It's torment to see what I could have done differently, and to know that my quick actions to send you all away has possibly left the bloodline running cold. I always worried you all about keeping it pure, then your protection would come.

I'm not mistaken in the fact that you were saved by our soldiers, so you have to be aware of them. But I cannot verify anything beyond what they said. And from what I know, you didn't even understand them. It breaks my heart to see such a possibility, and the pending realization that Ostopa may die is discomforting for myself and all the other royalty.

This is why I will make this message my last. There is no benefit to keep sending these out and keep up the lies to my fellow aristocrats. Yet, I am still fighting to keep up my spirits. For as long as the bloodline remains pure, there will still be soldiers who come save you in times of tribulation. Maybe through them you will be able to make your way back home. We could teach you again what it means to be a ruler, a leader, an Ostopan.

Your ruler, King Euphriam.

Footnotes

1

. Joline Ost, the subject of the message, had passed away in 1879.

2

. Catherine had passed away in 1912, the letter's recipient was her daughter, Marie MacGregor.