Title: SCP-7959
Item Number: SCP-7959
Rating: 94
Series: series-8
Tags: _cc, deletions-dept, narrative, scp, ticonderoga, transmission

If there exists some means of understanding this timeline and its eligibility for existence within the Database, it has yet to be discovered.

Billith

 

C L O S E D / S Y S T E M

 

 

Written by 

Billith

.

 

ITEM #:

 SCP-7959

OBJECT CLASS:

 Ticonderoga

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:

 SCP-7959 is not containable by any known means. Thankfully, the nature of the anomaly ensures some level of self-containment. Should this no longer be the case, containment efforts are to be reassessed. Investigation of the anomaly can then recommence, to whatever degree this is possible.

DESCRIPTION:

 SCP-7959 refers to TL-7959, a Foundation timeline discovered during routine indexing of the local canonical bundle that displays atypical properties when compared to adjacent timelines, an anomalously improbable behavior.

TL-7959 is inaccessible through all possible efforts; Any attempt to assess the properties of this timeline invariably fail, through a variety of factors such as data corruption, equipment failure, cerebral hemorrhage, SCP-7959-A, etcetera. If there exists some means of understanding this timeline and its eligibility for existence within the Database, it has yet to be discovered.

SCP-7959-A is a universally received result during observatory efforts of TL-7959, which manifests as a singular message of uniform nature, despite medium or language.

The contents of SCP-7959-A have been recorded below:

SCP-7959-A TRANSCRIPT LOG

FOREWARD:

 Record of message from measurement of TL-7959, delivered by one party, labeled POI-7959.

<BEGIN TRANSCRIPT>

POI-7959:

 Hello.

POI-7959:

 Thank you for your interest in our dimension.

POI-7959:

 Regrettably, I must inform you that the Prime Timeline is closed.

1

 Please return during normal hours, where we will be more than happy to assist you. If you require immediate assistance, please leave a message after the tone, and someone will be with you shortly.

POI-7959:

 We appreciate your understanding during this time. Have a wonderful iteration.

A loud beep.

AUTOMATED SYSTEM:

 

This mailbox is full and cannot receive more messages. I'm sorry. Goodbye.

<END TRANSCRIPT>

Footnotes

1

. It should be noted that no known initial or "prime" timeline exists, though this false claim is common among narratives in many regions of memoryspace.