Item Number: SCP-3939
Rating: 1017
Series: series-4
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, _listpages, concept, esoteric-class, hostile, interactive, memetic, meta, mystery, narrative, sapient, scp, slice-of-life

You 🫵 have three days to develop full containment procedures for an unknown SCP. How bad can it be?



close

Info

X

Article:

 SCP-3939 (

[NUMBER RESERVED; AWAITING RESEARCHER]

)

Author:

 

Croquembouche

📝 I'm open to a rewrite collab - hit me up if you've got a killer idea.

This is a multiple-choice story. The arrow-shaped links at the bottom of each page represent choices that will take you to another page.

A full read of one pathway of this SCP should take about 15 minutes. The longest path is 28 pages, and the shortest is 13. There are 67 pages in total.

More from this author

 

IMG_201802280039.JPG

Item #:

 SCP-3939

Special Containment Procedures:

 Object is kept in standard pre-containment holding cell. A researcher is to be assigned to classify it as soon as possible.

Description:

 None yet available.

You read the object's document — all measly 24 words of it — and shudder at the work that lies ahead of you.

Your name is Senior Researcher ████ ████████, and you are a researcher assigned to SCP-3939.

Last week, you were demoted from Class 4 to Class 3 on account of critical oversights in your last project. It wasn't your fault, but they didn't see it that way. Fortunately for you, that wasn't your last chance — but this is. SCP-3939 could be the last project you ever work on for the Foundation, and that prospect terrifies you. The thought of going 'home', of having a 'family', a 'normal life', being able to do all the things normal people do — what the sheep do — that's not okay. The Foundation is your home, your family, where you belong. Your life's work is here, and now that it's all in jeopardy, you're more stressed than you've ever been.

You have three days to develop full containment procedures for an unknown SCP. SCP-3939. You've done this a hundred times before, and they didn't give you an MTF to help you out, so how bad can it be?

You get to work immediately. From the terminal in your office, you do what research you can to fill yourself in on what you've missed. It quickly becomes clear that all is not as it seems. You've asked the right people the right questions, but something is very wrong. The object has been in containment since Site-39's records began — thirteen years ago — but there is no history of its acquisition, of previous containment procedures, or even of previous researchers.

So they've just had this anomalous object sitting about in some holding cell in storage for thirteen years, unclassed, uncontained, just doing whatever. And no one has thought to think about properly containing it until now.

See, normally, stuff is at least 

classified

 immediately. You know, Safe, Euclid, Keter. However the Foundation found out about the skip, however it was retrieved, they must know 

something

. But you've read the document twenty times now, and you know nothing. Except that it's a gramophone. At least they bothered to take a picture before they took it in.

You're not familiar with the object class that's on file right now. Could be a placeholder code, could be a researcher on an ego trip trying to come up with something new, could be something else. Probably they only want the problem fixed now because it's clogging up a flowchart somewhere. Well, you're not one to pass up a good opportunity. This will be your chance to shine. Make good enough containment procedures, and you might just get your Class 4 back, who knows.

You've been given two Junior Researchers: Ms. Sally Hawthorne and Dr. Carlos Rodriguez. You've worked with both before, though only a small amount, and not less than a year ago.

With that in mind, what's your first action?

Three days? You've got time. This can wait until tomorrow.

Enter the holding cell to see what's in there.

Immediately send an email to the Site Director to ask what's going on.