Item Number: SCP-8727
Rating: 50
Series: series-9
Tags: _cc, _cc4, _licensebox, _listpages, building, exchange, fire, mind-affecting, musical, religious, safe, scp, thaumaturgy

Why did the Foundation purchase this church?

 

Another day at work.

I arrive at my office and quickly take off my jacket, hanging it on the hook by the door before sitting at my desk. My coffee cup is empty. I should fix that. But not now. I need to get to work before I get into trouble. This is the third time this month I've been late, all because of the damn snow. I can't afford to have my boss breathing down my neck again.

My computer boots up. I enter my RAISA credentials and quickly connect to the server. A message appears in my inbox. Marked as "urgent." Looks like getting coffee will have to wait until a little later. I tie my hair in a bun and open the attached document.

SCP-8727

Image removed by order of O5-5.

Item #:

 SCP-8727

Object Class:

 [DATA EXPUNGED]

Special Containment Procedures:

 [DATA EXPUNGED]

Description:

 [DATA EXPUNGED]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I wonder why it's so urgent. I click on the attached message and open it.

From:

o5-5@site01.scp.int

To:

alexis.rose@raisa.scp.int

Subject:

SCP-8727

Date:

20/02/20

+Display Message

- Close

I need you to file this discreetly. No questions asked.

Secure, Contain, Protect

O5-5

 

If an O5 wants to archive something immediately, I suppose they should do it as soon as possible. But why would they want to archive this if they're erasing all the information? What's the point of having a document that no one can see? Maybe I'm not supposed to know the answers to these questions. In my time here, I've learned not to ask questions. It only leads to paperwork and angry bosses.

I do my best to take my mind off it while I place the report in the object catalog. SCP-8727. A nice, round number.

I go get some coffee.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I return to my computer only to find an error. It seems SCP-8727 already exists. How strange. I put down my coffee cup and sit down, closing the error message. I search the database for SCP-8727 and find a report on it.

I look behind me.

No one is there.

Time to read.

In June 1991, the object was purchased using Foundation assets, despite the ownership's tactical irrelevance. The identity of the party who authorized the purchase of SCP-8727 remains unknown.

Through several administrative errors in the Foundation's filing systems, the property purchase wasn't discovered until mid-January 2020. Researcher Marco Ruiz was assigned to inspect the property.

Upon arrival, Researcher Ruiz placed an emergency call to Site-34 authorities, requesting armed reinforcements before communications were disrupted. MTF Rho-9 ("Search and Rescue") was deployed to the site to provide assistance, but was unable to locate an immediate threat on-site.

Efforts to locate Researcher Ruiz are currently underway.

 

I knew Ruiz. Good guy. He was quite precise in presenting documents. It's a shame what happened.

I drink my coffee.

Maybe I can find out a little more about SCP-8727. But first, I need to make sure I'm not being watched. I go to my office door and lock it, then shut the blinds. I look at the security camera in the upper left corner of my office and return to my desk. If I block its angle with my body, it shouldn't be able to see what I'm doing. I back up my computer and unplug the LAN cable so I'm not being monitored.

I continue searching the database, trying to find any fragments of SCP-8727. I search travel logs, purchase receipts, records of personnel trips to the area, and inventories. Whoever hid this thing wanted to make sure no one found it. But I'm not that easily dissuaded.

After fifteen minutes of snooping around SCP-8727's information, I find another file.

After initial containment was successfully established, a thorough examination of the site was authorized. The church building was in a state of disarray, with signs of a violent physical altercation discovered. These included several bullet holes found in the south wall facing the cemetery, burn marks on the pulpit ceiling, and severe structural damage to the stairs leading to the bell tower.

Inside the church bell tower (The area was reached using climbing equipment.) there is a large bell constructed from a beryllium-bronze alloy, ████████████████████. ██████████ ███████ produces a field in which ████████ █████████, █████████████████. This field extends to the rear cemetery and the entirety of SCP-8727. Disturbing or ringing the bell amplifies this effect, but this is no longer possible due to severe structural damage to the sound arch and clapperboard caused by aggressive use. Means by which to relocate SCP-8727 without resulting in total structural failure are currently being investigated.

███████████████████████████████████████████████████████

█████████████████████████████████████████████████████

████████████████████████████████████████.

 

Of course. More expunged data. I feel sorry for the poor researchers who don't know how to get around these blocks. It's not exactly fair, since I'm in RAISA and those idiots don't know how to use Word.

I present my master administrator credentials and reveal the information.

After initial containment was successfully established, a thorough examination of the site was authorized. The church building was in a state of disarray, with signs of a violent physical altercation discovered. These included several bullet holes found in the south wall facing the cemetery, burn marks on the pulpit ceiling, and severe structural damage to the stairs leading to the bell tower.

Inside the church bell tower (The area was reached using climbing equipment.) there is a large bell constructed from a beryllium-bronze alloy, designated SCP-8727-1. SCP-8727-1 produces a field in which thaumaturgical practices, rituals, and objects of a similar nature are neutralized. This field extends to the rear cemetery and the entirety of SCP-8727. Disturbing or ringing the bell amplifies this effect, but this is no longer possible due to severe structural damage to the sound arch and clapperboard caused by aggressive use. Means by which to relocate SCP-8727 without resulting in total structural failure are currently being investigated.

Inside the church, there is a manual alarm connected to a tube in the wall, which leads to the bell tower. Pulling the handle does not activate SCP-8727-1, and several internal components are believed to have been damaged. Both SCP-8727 and the alarm are recent additions relative to the age of the structure, having been installed approximately within the last 100 years, as opposed to the building's estimated age of 300 years.

I need more coffee.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I've been researching SCP-8727 for hours. I think I skipped lunch trying to find it. I haven't made any progress. I need to know what it is. I'm close, though, I can feel it. Maybe when I figure it out, I can figure out why they're hiding it so hidden.

But for now, I'll keep looking.

 

 

 

 

 

The cemetery behind SCP-8727 contains thirteen headstones, with twelve attached graves. The fifth grave was disturbed prior to containment, and the coffin previously buried in the plot shows signs of internal structural damage, such as scratches, deep dents, and burn marks similar to those found inside the church. Its lid was severed from the body, breaking its bolts and hinges.

 

 

 

 

 

It's nighttime. All my colleagues have left. And here I am, looking for something I'm not even sure exists. Am I stupid? Am I wasting all this time looking for this?

No.

I must be about to find out what it is.

 

 

 

 

 

 

An email.

I click it open.

From:

o5-5@site01.scp.int

To:

alexis.rose@raisa.scp.int

Subject:

SCP-8727

Date:

20/02/20

+Display Message

- Close

Have you been able to archive the document as I requested?

Secure, Contain, Protect

O5-5

 

 

 

I don't know how to respond. This task should have only taken me five minutes at most, and yet here I am a whole day later having defied an order from an O5.

I swallow spit.

I close the email and get back to trying to find more about SCP-8727. O5-5 probably thinks I went home anyway, so I'll handle this tomorrow.

 

 

 

It's been an hour and I am no closer to finding anything else. Maybe I should turn in for the night. I shut off my computer's monitor and stand up. Is it me or is it getting hot in here?

I smell something.

I smell… burning?

I turn around.

There is smoke in my office.

I cough, I get up, stumbling over my chair, and knocking down my coffee mug. I try running for the door. As soon as I put my hand on the handle, it's too hot to touch and burns me. I scream for help, but no one answers.

My door is aflame, and smoke continues to fill the room. Smoke fills my lungs. The fire suppressant systems aren't kicking in. What is kicking in, however, is adrenaline. With newfound energy, I pick up my chair and slam it against the door as forcefully as I can.

Not even a dent.

I try again, this time kicking it with whatever energy I have left, but all I manage to do is singe my clothes. Smoke continues to fill my lungs. It's getting hard to breathe. I fall to my knees, coughing as my eyes struggle to see ahead. As I asphyxiate, I hear a voice from behind the door.

"Thank you for reminding me that if one wants something done, one must do it themselves."

Everything goes dark.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

==>