Title: SCP-4211
Item Number: SCP-4211
Rating: 179
Series: series-5
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, class-of-76, cognitohazard, document, empathic, hallucination, interactive, memory-affecting, mind-affecting, safe, scp, visual

SCP-4211: Memoirmento

「Once in a Lifetime」

Image Sources:

1) 

notebook.jpg -- "GC Wooley Diary 2" Photo by CEphoto, Uwe Aranas; CC BY-SA 3.0 (modified)

2) 

cipher1.jpg -- "The Hordern Tree" by Blue Mountains Library; CC BY-SA 2.0

3) 

cipher2.jpg -- "OLD FIELD POINT LIGHT" by US Coast Guard; Public Domain

4) 

cipher3.jpg -- "Old Dining Room Table Window Historically Chair" by Unknown; CC0

5) 

cipher4.jpg -- "OYSTER BEDS (...)" by US Archives and Records Administration; Public Domain

6) 

cipher5.jpg -- "Photo booth: Akward smiling woman" by simpleinsomnia; CC BY 2.0 (modified)

Acknowledgements:

Lt Flops

, for critique.

Uncle Nicolini

, for critique.

Rounderhouse

, for critique and advice on image editing.

Ellie3

, for critique.

Henzoid

, for critique.

Tufto

, for critique and advice on writing for the Class of 76.

KindlyTurtleClem, for critique and advice on style.

T Rutherford

, for in-depth critique.

RockTeethMothEyes

, for in-depth critique.

 

▸ More by this Author ◂

{$comments2}

 

F.A.Q.

{$doesthisfixthebug}

SCP-4211. Image has been rendered memetically sterile.

Item #:

 SCP-4211

 

Object Class:

 Safe

 

Special Containment Procedures:

 SCP-4211 is contained in a standard Safe-class locker. Class-W mnestics are suggested while working with SCP-4211 to mitigate the mild memetic hazards it possesses. Personnel documenting SCP-4211 are to be rotated on a monthly basis to prevent irreversible changes to cognitive function.

 

Description:

 SCP-4211 is the collective designation for specific diary entries with cognitohazardous properties — these written works contain cognitohazards to prevent reading of the item's true content unless certain conditions are met.

1

 More specifically, the items encrypt their content via obfuscation, altering the text if the reader does not have access to the cipher key.

The cipher key is morphogenetic

2

 resonance to an image and question prompt, presumably set by the author. In this way, only individuals with strong empathetic responses or similar brain function to the author may read the unaltered content of SCP-4211.

Attempts to transcribe, discuss, or copy SCP-4211's content result in the same outcome: individuals that have sufficient mental alignment to the author to view the content ordinarily will be able to understand the transcription/speech, while those that do not will experience the false versions. Exposure to the content of SCP-4211, encrypted or not, may result in temporary symptoms of:

Confusion

Amnesia

Headaches/Migraines

Heightened levels of visual snow

False memories

Sleep paralysis

Prosopagnosia

3

Hallucinations

The diary containing SCP-4211 was found in the possession of Augustus Ehrlich Sr.

4

, though it is assumed it was purchased from a third party. Due to the self-concealing nature of the anomaly, research into the content of the notebook has been limited. However, handwriting analysis shows that the entries have had multiple authors, and meta-analysis shows recurring mentions of family members drowning, even if the individuals have no such history.

Addendum 4211.1 — Transcripts

► Access SCP-4211-1 Transcript ◄

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼

 

► Access SCP-4211-2 Transcript ◄

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼

 

► Access SCP-4211-3 Transcript ◄

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼

 

► Access SCP-4211-4 Transcript ◄

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼

Footnotes

1. If mental alignment is not achieved, a pre-recorded entry by the same author will be seen instead.

 

2. 

DEFINITION — Morphogenetics:

 The theory that memory is inherent in nature, and memories can be shared among populations without direct contact. For more information, see Sheldrake, R; (1966) "The Noosphere, Morphogenetic Fields, and the Akashic Records" 

The Foundation Journal of Mental Sanitation

 vol 7(1) pages 1-14.

 

3. A neurological condition characterized by the inability to recognize the faces of familiar people.

 

4. POI-9873 (deceased). Multiple SCP objects were discovered in his possession upon his death.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

► Access SCP-4211-█ Transcript ◄

▼ Transcript Accessed ▼

SCP-2316

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 