Item Number: SCP-7808
Rating: 169
Series: series-8
Tags: _licensebox, adaptive, autonomous, euclid, jewelry, predatory, scp

NOTICE:

The following file is unreviewed by a senior containment specialist and may contain errors or inaccuracies. Please make use of the recommended safety protocols provided to you.

Item #:

 SCP-81-7808-AC-141

1

Object Class:

 

Safe

 Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

 

I have to keep it in any small containment cell that's free, preferably near my office. Remember to keep my hands covered while near the object.

Containment of SCP-81-7808-AC-141 has been reassigned to Site Director Marshall Kombs. Rewritten containment procedures and description pending.

Description:

 It's a small ring that is 

magnetically

 anomalously attracted to hands. Once it gets on you, it stabs several spines into your finger and starts to suck the life

2

 out of you. Currently attached to Audrey's hand in containment cell 81-A4, a floor above my office. (Logan Avers, Room 141 at Site 81.)

Addendum:

ADVISORY

Hello, LOGAN AVERS,

Following the excessive surge of anomalous phenomena worldwide, the Foundation has regretfully been forced to assign various low threat anomalies to qualifying staff members.

As a Junior Researcher, you have been selected to document, catalog, keep track of, and contain a low-threat anomalous object. Please talk to your site's director for assignment and resources that you may need in containment.

Thank you for assisting the Foundation's greater goal of safety and normalcy, and please remain updated as we attempt to maintain the Veil in these trying times.

For more information, please call [NUMBER REMOVED]

3

 or talk to your quadrant's AI Construct (AIC).

— Jonathan Bell, Director of Budget and Human Resources

Terminal #141

 

------

Welcome, Logan Avers!

------

 

Please enter password to continue.

audreyaverslove

Thank you! Please wait to be connected with your quadrant's AIC.

Waiting List: You are currently the 8404th user in line. Estimated Wait Time: 4.6 days. If you are in need of immediate help, please close the terminal and ask your fellow employees. Have a wonderful day!

/priority

Waiting List: You are currently the 2477th user in the priority queue. Estimated Wait Time: 22 hours. If you are in need of immediate help, please close the terminal and dial [NUMBER REMOVED]. Have a wonderful day!

please help me

If you are in need of immediate help, please close the terminal and dial [NUMBER REMOVED].

/msg Site Director Marshall Kombs

Paging . . .

Marshall Kombs is busy at the moment. Leave a message?

If you don't answer me, I'm coming to your office and killing you myself you fucking bastard.

Message sent! View Response?

/y

Hi, Logan.

You might think that I've forgotten about you, but I haven't. The automated response that was sent to you was completely insensitive out of context, and I can totally see how something like that being sent to you in such a time of loss may have been infuriating. I want you to know that in times like these, we don't always have the liberty to respond to every email manually - the issues that you're having are the same over here, just a few levels up.

I've just authorized your transfer to a different anomaly, and optionally a new office and dormitory, all you have to do is message your current senior researcher for finalization. I'm sorry I can't handle things on my own, I'm swamped with work at the moment. I've sent flowers, but I can't guarantee when they'll get to your office. I promise I'll be thinking about you.

Respectfully yours,

- Marshall Kombs

P.S - I'm letting this slide because I know that I'm partially responsible for what happened to you. You have a right to be angry, but please refrain from telling your superiors that you're going to kill them. Many of them aren't as understanding as I am.

/msg S. Researcher Jacob Beere

Paging . . .

Hey, Logan. What's up?

Jacob. I want to off this fucking anomaly, and I want three months leave.

I can't get you three months leave, but I can get you reassigned, if you like. Why, what happened?

It killed Audrey.

…The ring?

Yeah. It's pending reclassification from Safe to Euclid, but of course with the chaos going on around the site it's going to take a month.

I'm sorry I couldn't have been more help.

It's fine, Jacob. Thanks for being there.

Did you message Kombs?

Yeah. I actually got a response, which is rare. Told me to talk to you.

Really rare. He's dealing with at least three hundred anomalies on his own, and overseeing about two thousand. He must feel terrible for assigning a Junior Researcher an object that wasn't safe.

I'm guessing that the object's magnetic pull gets stronger over time. We woke up one morning with a hole in our ceiling and a ring on her finger. After that, it was just a matter of days before she bled out.

Did you try cutting off the hand?

…

Logan, what happened?

I requisitioned a saw from the medical department, but they were so backed up they couldn't deliver our request. So, we got the biggest, heaviest metal door we could find, and slammed it on her hand over and over again until it got mangled to the point we could pull it off.

Did it work?

… it went to the other hand almost immediately.

 

 

Footnotes

1

. Assigned to Junior Researcher Logan Avers,

Employee I.D. 81/141

2

. Marrow? Blood?

3

. Number removed due to insufficient staffing.