Item Number: SCP-8887
Rating: 43
Series: series-9
Tags: _licensebox, alive, bittersweet, co-authored, euclid, extradimensional, humanoid, otherworldly, sapient, scp



close

Info

X

By 

DianaBerry

 and 

Queerious

Queerious' Author Page

DianaBerry's author page

 

Researcher Gonzalez uses she/they pronouns, so the article alternates between the two for them.

 

Item #:

 SCP-8887

Object Class:

 Uncontained

Special Containment Procedures:

 SCP-8887 is currently unable to be contained due to a lack of understanding of the anomaly. In order to facilitate research and containment efforts, Researcher Valentina Gonzalez is to continue to document her dreams in as much detail as possible. Efforts to track down SCP-8887-1 are currently ongoing.

Description:

 SCP-8887 refers to a pocket dimension that exists in a shared dream-space. The origin and purpose of this dimension is unknown; currently, the only known way of accessing SCP-8887 is via dreaming. Affected persons will intermittently have their consciousnesses transferred to this dimension upon achieving the REM stage of sleep.

SCP-8887 consists of a contiguous space, with no known topological boundaries. The dimension is predominantly formed from amorphous purple, pink and pastel-colored materials, shaped into organic structures present throughout the landscape. As of yet, research has not determined a pattern or purpose to these formations, nor the base material.

At the time of writing, SCP-8887 has only been accessed by a single individual at once, and exclusively by Researcher Valentina Gonzalez. Additional research is ongoing to determine the origin and cause of this effect, and to determine why only Researcher Gonzalez is affected by this anomaly. At this time, it is not believed that Researcher Gonzalez is the origin of this anomaly.

Addendum-1-Discovery:

 SCP-8887 was first encountered on 02/12/2023 by Researcher Valentina Gonzalez. At the time, Researcher Gonzalez was unaware of the anomalous effects of SCP-8887; below is an excerpt from their dream diary detailing the initial discovery.

Dream Diary Transcript #1

Date:

 02/12/2023

[BEGIN TRANSCRIPTION]

I had a really weird dream last night. Like really weird. I know I'm supposed to try and document all of my dreams to see if I can find a pattern, but this is the first time in months I've felt compelled to actually open this book up and write in it.

So yeah. Here we are.

I woke up in this strange world - I normally dream of malls, schools, or places I know. But everything here was foreign. More than that, it was completely empty other than me. The ground was a soft pastel periwinkle, with this thing that almost seemed like tall grass growing out of it. I remember that, because it looked just like the fields I used to run through back home. There were these weird objects that rose out of the ground, creating towering shapes dotting the landscape. There didn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them - they just filled the space.

I started to wander around, exploring, trying to find anything identifiable - but there wasn't anything. It was weirdly quiet - like any sound I made was being absorbed by the rest of the landscape.

I thought that I saw something move out of the corner of my eye, but when I ran towards it, I couldn't find anything.

I woke up shortly after - normally I wouldn't think to write about this dream, but the strangest part was that it was so vivid, so lifelike, so… meaningful, that I couldn't seem to forget any of the details. And that never happens.

Who knows though, this might just be something weird I ate. It's not like I have recurring dreams that often.

[END TRANSCRIPT]

Researcher Gonzalez did not note any other relevant dreams until 4/18/2023 - their dream diary from that date is below.

Dream Diary Transcript #2

Date:

 04/18/2023

[BEGIN TRANSCRIPTION]

I went back. Remember that strange pink place? I dreamed about it again.

Okay, full disclosure, I've had a lot of dreams about it. But none of them felt like they mattered. They were short, quiet, forgetful. I only caught a glimpse of that place. I was always in the same place - back in those periwinkle fields. Last night, after I fell asleep on my couch, I woke up back in that place. It had changed.

It never changed.

I looked around, and tried to see how much was the same as last time - and that's when I noticed something. There was a clear depression through the field - as if somebody had just walked through it, pushing the grass to the side.

I decided that I would follow their path and see what I found. The path meandered through the field, until it came to a clearing. The organic shapes rose around on all sides, creating an almost protected grove - holes peppered throughout gave windows to inside the structures. I realized this time that there was no sun, but everything was lit the same. Dream logic, I guess.

I looked for where to go next and saw what looked like a path - that is, there was a gap between the shapes, that if I squinted at, could be called a path.

So I kept following it.

I walked for what felt like hours - the landscape was changing, but never meaningfully. A different shade here, a larger blob there, but never a clear change between areas. I was about ready to give up when I saw something weird.

A fish floating by. In the air.

Now I know it's a dream. Everything is fake, but that fish felt so real? I needed to follow it. When it saw me, it darted inside one of the shape-structures. I started to climb the shape, using the holes as places for my hands and feet until I was at eye level with the hole the fish had flown into.

I put my eye against the hole and looked in - the inside of the shapes were darker and looked empty. I scanned around for the fish, but couldn't find it anywhere. And then, as if appearing out of nowhere, there was a green eye staring back at me.

I let go in shock and fell to the ground, landing hard. I looked back up at the shape but saw no movement. I was about to say something - when my alarm went off and I woke up.

This has happened too many times. And this time I can't forget the field - I think about it at least once a day, if not more than once.

Shit. I think I'm going to have to report this.

[END TRANSCRIPT]

After Researcher Gonzalez' second encounter with SCP-8887, they reported the suspected anomaly to their supervisor and the Foundation began research into the anomaly. Due to the fact that Researcher Gonzalez seems to be the only individual able to access the dimension, they were assigned to the team as lead researcher.

Addendum-2-Initial-Research:

 With the formation of a team dedicated to researching SCP-8887, Researcher Gonzalez was equipped with dream monitoring technology, and began to exclusively sleep while under Foundation observation in a facility. Any and all attempts by the Foundation to regain access to SCP-8887 were unsuccessful - further research into identifying the origin of the dimension was also unable to determine anything.

On 4/21/2023, Researcher Gonzalez submitted a testing proposal to modify testing procedures, and instead try to gain entry to the pocket dimension while asleep in her apartment - the location where she first encountered the anomaly. Below is the first exploration transcript recorded of SCP-8887, captured at Researcher Gonzalez' domicile on that same date.

VIDEO LOG 1

DATE:

 4/21/2023

[BEGIN LOG]

Researcher Gonzalez is in the periwinkle field.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 I'm… I'm back here again.

Researcher Gonzalez walks through the fields. As she continues through the fields, the landscape changes. Researcher Gonzalez reaches out at the changing sky.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 This is the same as last time, I think. Maybe? It looks like it, but I don't know anymore. Has anything ever been consistent in here? There have to be some rules, some logic that governs things, right? Something that… stays.

Researcher Gonzalez continues walking, making it to the shaped grove, structures seeming to grow around her, creating towering shapes.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 What about… a fish! Maybe I can find another fish? It seemed to like this thing - I don't even know where they come from.

Researcher Gonzalez begins to reach up to one of the structures but freezes mid-reach. A shadow slowly begins to appear behind Researcher Gonzalez. She sees the edges of the shadows - it's an unidentified humanoid figure.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 Hello? Is there anybody here?

Researcher Gonzalez whips around, but they are alone in the clearing.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 What?

Researcher Gonzalez looks around in confusion.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 I swear I-

In the distance, Researcher Gonzalez identifies a figure, that quickly disappears behind a shape. She starts into a run, chasing after them.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 

[Panting]

.

Turning the corner, the shapes have changed, actively morphing around her, colors shifting as it does. In front of her is a cave mouth, or what looks like one. There are a set of amorphous stairs leading down deeper into the ground - made out of even more of the pastel material.

Researcher Gonzalez looks around, and seeing nobody, begins to descend into the underground section.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 I know I saw somebody here. I just need to find where they went.

Researcher Gonzalez quickens their pace. Running down the stairs, they slowly change shape, flattening out into a tunnel. As she runs, the tunnel changes colors and shape, from the organic pastel stone structures, into a dark concrete tunnel, typical of utility tunnels within the continental United States.

Researcher Gonzalez slows her pace, looking around. There is no consistent pattern to the numbering of the doors, nor do any of the doors have door knobs.

At the end of the hallway, she spots a doorway. That door has a handle - in almost a blink, she is suddenly in front of the door, the world seems to move around her. Researcher Gonzalez slowly puts their hand out and onto the knob.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 This has to be it.

Researcher Gonzalez slowly twists the knob, pushing the door open. The door opens onto a hallway of an apartment building, painted and decorated exclusively in purple and pink hues.

Researcher Gonzalez:

 I'm in… an apartment building? This feels familiar. But… this is the first time it looks like the real world.

One of the doors opens. From the apartment emerges an unidentified humanoid entity, dressed in a pastel sleeping cap and sleep shirt with long white hair, designated SCP-8887-1. SCP-8887-1 jumps backward upon seeing Researcher Gonzalez.

SCP-8887-1:

 Ah! Who are you?

Researcher Gonzalez:

 My name is Valentina. What are you doing here? Did you wake up here as well?

SCP-8887-1:

 Wake up here… I don't know what you mean… and, Valentina? I don't know anybody with that name. What are you doing here?

Researcher Gonzalez:

 I'm here because I'm trying to figure out what this place is. Have you been here before? Do you live here?

SCP-8887-1:

 Do I live here? What are you doing 

here

?

Researcher Gonzalez:

 Hey, it's okay, calm down. There's no need to be hostile. I'm just trying to understand this place.

SCP-8887-1:

 

You

 don't get to understand this! 

You

 don't get to tell me to calm down! I didn't make you! This is 

my

 dream!

Researcher Gonzalez:

 Your-

SCP-8887-1:

 Leave.

Researcher Gonzalez is pushed by an invisible force and knocked backwards against the wall of the hallway. The feed suddenly cuts to black.

[END LOG]

At the exact moment the feed cut, Researcher Gonzalez was forcibly awoken in their apartment. Foundation monitoring showed that their REM functions immediately stopped, all at once. Further research to identify SCP-8887-1 and any additional information regarding the anomaly itself is ongoing.

A new revision of this document is available. View next iteration?