Item Number: SCP-3562
Rating: 389
Series: series-4
Tags: _cc, cognitohazard, document, extradimensional, keter, memetic, meta, neurological, sapient, scp, visual

Item #:

 SCP-3562

Improper MLA heading

Object Class:

 

Safe

 Keter

Indent your paragraphs

Special Containment Procedures:

 Edgewood High School 

is to be indefinitely closed

 to the public under the pretense of the presence of asbestos. All SCP-3562-1 instances 

are to be separately held

 in standard containment lockers at Site-82. 

Access to SCP-3562-1 instances 

may be requested

 by all personnel working at Site-82 of Level-3 clearance and above.

 SCP-3562-1 instances 

are not to be viewed

 under any circumstances. Site-82 and the surrounding area 

is to be monitored

 by armed security personnel.

Too much passive voice, no explanation of main premise. Poor introductory paragraph.

Description:

 SCP-3562 is an anomalous phenomenon which first manifested within Edgewood Public High School in ███████████, Virginia on 

09/04/2017

 

September 4, 2017

. All written and typed documents present within the school following this date 

have been infected by SCP-3562

 

passive voice

. Infected documents, designated SCP-3562-1, retain their anomalous properties when removed from school grounds, 

but the infection has not been observed to spread beyond documents brought within the school

 

outdated information

. SCP-3562-1 instances are characterized by the spontaneous yellow highlighting of certain words and phrases, as well as the appearance of red text. This text usually consists of critiques regarding the infected document’s grammar, word choice, and sentence structure, as well as the use of rhetorical devices and MLA formatting

1

. Depending on how well the infected document meets these criteria, a numerical grade between 0% and 100% will appear on the document, as well as a letter grade between A and F. If a document receives a numerical grade of 59% or lower, the phrase 

“SEE ME AFTER CLASS!”

 

Add citation after quote

 will be present adjacent to the grade.

If an individual views an instance of SCP-3562-1 with a grade of 59% or lower, said individual will undergo a temporary spatial displacement the next time they pass through a doorway or other architectural opening, entering an extradimensional location hereafter designated SCP-3562-2. 

Too short! Paragraphs need a minimum of five sentences.

Little information has been accumulated regarding the events that transpire within SCP-3562-2, as 

recording equipment consistently fails within 30 seconds of displacement

 

No electronics in class!

, and all subjects return from SCP-3562-2 with no memory of what occurred. What is known is that SCP-3562-2 resembles a high school classroom, with no windows or other doorways present, and that it is inhabited by a single humanoid entity, hereafter designated SCP-3562-3. SCP-3562-3 appears to be a female between 1.5 and 1.8 meters in height. However, exact details of SCP-3562-3’s physical appearance are 

unknown

 

none of your business

, as images captured prior to equipment failure are always heavily distorted.

Subjects return from SCP-3562-2 approximately one hour after displacement 

if they behave

. Returning subjects, hereafter designated SCP-3562-4, possess numerous physical alterations within their frontal, temporal, and parietal lobes, resulting in extensive modifications to their cognitive processes. The most notable of these changes include:

Don't use bullet points!

Eidetic knowledge of several classic literary works, including 

The Scarlet Letter

, 

Moby Dick

, 

The Great Gatsby

, and the complete works of William Shakespeare.

A notable increase in reading comprehension skills on both a pragmatic and semantic level. This includes both the ability to understand the literal context of a narrative work and the ability to interpret symbolic and allegorical meanings through the semiotic connotations of certain words and phrases.

A notable increase in average reading speed. SCP-3562-4 instances can read approximately 

900

 

nine hundred

 words per minute while still maintaining full comprehension of the text.

A compulsion to speak and write in a linguistically correct format, to the point where SCP-3562-4 instances are physically incapable of using incorrect grammar or spelling.

Complete immunity to all Class-IV and below text-based memetic hazards. The mechanism behind this immunity is not yet fully understood, although it is hypothesized to be an extension of the advanced ability to break down semiotic connotations within narrative works exhibited by SCP-3562-4 instances. 

Further experimentation regarding the possible applications of this ability is currently being overseen by head researcher Dr. Franc.

 

Outdated information

Addendum 3562.1:

 

Incident Report: 04/09/2018

 

???

On 

04/09/2018

 

April 9, 2018

 at 2:45 pm, a Foundation-wide alert was released by Site-82’s Memetic Hazard Detection System, indicating the presence of an uncontained memetic agent within the site’s digital archives. In the following minutes, all contact with Site-82 and its occupants was lost. Upon the restoration of contact, it was discovered that 

39

 

thirty nine

 personnel from Site-82's memetics department had become instances of SCP-3562-4. Furthermore, Head Researcher Dr. Franc and Assistant Researcher Dr. Dean were no longer present within the site. Their location is currently 

unknown

 

detention

.

Upon examination, the contents of Site-82’s private servers were found to be completely erased with the exception of a single text file. The contents of the file are attached below.

Paragraph is too short, and poorly weaves into the quote.

Alright, I’ve wiped the entire archives. That should take care of that 

bitch

 

disrespectful and inappropriate

. Still, I think it’s too late for me. At this point I’m either going to starve to death in this room or face whatever she has planned for me beyond that door. Before I go, I’m going to explain everything. I’ll upload this onto the site’s network so everyone will know what happened.

I was overseeing an experiment that involved exposing an SCP-3562-4 instance to a copy of SCP-████

2

, when SCP-3562's properties suddenly and radically changed. Up until now, SCP-3562 only infected physical documents brought into the Edgewood School, but today SCP-3562-1 instances started popping up on our server left and right. I don’t know how many people were infected, but I know that I was one of them.

My assistant and I managed to stay clean long enough to access the site’s main terminal, but we were infected during the process of wiping the system. My assistant decided to just get it over with. He left through the front door almost immediately. He said 

he was going to try to kill her

 

inappropriate

. That was over four hours ago.

I think I've explained everything, and I'm tired of waiting. It's time for me to face her too. I'll try to take her out as best I can. I 

don't know what will happen

 

will be punished accordingly

, but at least I'll 

go down fighting.

 

serve as an example for other students.

Pray for me,

Dr. Franc

No conclusion paragraph, no work cited, no argument, no analysis…

Footnotes

1

. Text regarding other subject matter has been observed, mostly when infected documentation discusses 

SCP-3562 itself

 

stuff that is none of your business

.

2

. A Class-III memetic hazard capable of spreading through digital files. 

Good teachers learn as much from their students as their students learn from them.