Item Number: SCP-5163
Rating: 23
Series: series-6
Tags: _cc, cognitohazard, mind-affecting, safe, scp, tactile, toy

SCP-5163

Item #:

 SCP-5163

Object Class:

 Safe

Special Containment Procedures:

 SCP-5163 is to be kept in a Standard Containment Locker within Site-73. Any requests that involve the handling or removal of the object of its containment must be authorized by the Site Director. While handling SCP-5163, personnel should wear protective gloves and make sure to never allow their skin to come into contact with the object. In the case personnel (accidentally or not) touches SCP-5163, they are to be administrated with amnestics and isolated for observation. Affected personnel is to be restored to their positions only when/if they no longer present significant symptoms of SCP-5163’s effects.

Description:

 SCP-5163 appears to be a teddy bear measuring approximately 26 cm in height with creamy white fur and light blue details. When a human makes physical contact with SCP-5163, the subject will instantly develop a certain level of emotional attachment to the object. The intensity of this effect and the way it manifests over the victims varies with each case, however, it often causes the subjects to consider SCP-5163 as something of extreme importance to themselves. The use of amnestics has proven to be relatively effective in healing affected subjects, although in a few cases subjects developed symptoms of depression after the amnesticization. No other anomalous properties were observed.

Discovery:

 SCP-5163 was acquired by the Foundation on 29/04/2009 when a group of 3 field agents who were working on an unrelated assignment accidentally found the object in an abandoned house from a rural zone of Texas, which they were planning to occupy for the days needed to complete their duties. After installing surveillance cameras in and outside the house, Agent Nicholas Campbell noticed SCP-5163 on a table inside a room of the house. The object was above a small piece of paper which caught his attention. After grabbing the object to get the paper, Agent Nicholas immediately began to act unusually due to the effects of SCP-5163. The following is the transcript of the video record during the incident.

+ Video Log 5163-001

- Hide

Upon grabbing the object Agent Nicholas starts smiling and staring at it. He then begins to rub the object against his face.

Agent Coulson:

 Hey Nick! What the hell are you doing? Stop playing around dude, we got work to do here!

Agent Nicholas:

 I know, I know. But isn’t this little boy the cutest thing ever? I can’t leave it here alone. That’s it, I will carry it with me during the rest of our mission and I wanna take it home too.

Agent Reynolds:

 What are you talking about Nick, you okay? We have no time to waste here, did you forget that SCP-███ escaped and we are here looking for evidence of its current whereabouts? Why are you acting like a child? You are not like this. Just throw this damn bear away and focus on the mission.

Agent Nicholas:

 I am not understanding you guys. Would you really abandon something this precious in such an isolated and dangerous place? Damn, it seems like you two are crueler than I thought.

Agent Coulson:

 You can’t be serious. Let me just get rid of this stupid toy for you.

Agent Coulson then approaches Nicholas and slaps away the object from his hands.

Agent Nicholas:

 

(yelling)

 Coulson you bastard! What did it do to you?! How can you treat my dear and cute friend like this? You better have a good explanation, because I am truly pissed off now!

Agent Coulson:

 Wait a minute… You are right. Oh no… What have I done? I am so ashamed now. I will never forgive myself for this…

Agent Nicholas:

 I won’t forgive you either Coulson!!

Nicholas then proceeds to punch Coulson, who doesn’t react and falls to the ground. Agent Reynolds then holds back Nicholas preventing him to cause more harm to Coulson.

Agent Reynolds:

 Guys just stop. What’s going on with you two? Are you truly fighting over a damn teddy bear? Pretty sure you both would get fired if our superiors find out about this.

Agent Nicholas:

 This “damn teddy bear” is my best friend now! I don’t care if I get fired because of it Reynolds, and I can’t forgive Coulson for hurting him like that! Let go of me Reynolds I want to kill him!

Agent Coulson:

 Yeah he is right, Reynolds. I can’t live anymore knowing that I caused harm to our precious friend that means the world to me. I can’t understand why I did something so terrible. To be honest, at this point I don’t really care about my life anymore, so go ahead and kill me guys, make justice for the coolest and cutest teddy bear of all times.

Agent Coulson remains laying on the ground, seemingly depressed.

Agent Reynolds:

 Okay guys, I am sorry but I can’t allow this situation to continue.

At this point Agent Reynolds applies a sedative on Agent Nicholas who soon falls unconscious.

Agent Reynolds:

 Coulson, I hope I won't need to do the same to you. I believe we are dealing with something anomalous here, I will contact the Foundation and request reinforcements.

Agent Reynolds then contacts the Foundation, explains the situation, and asks for reinforcements, while Agent Coulson doesn't show any changes in his behavior. 25 minutes later Foundation personnel arrives at the local. Both Agents Nicholas Campbell and Coulson Jones were treated with amnestics and removed from their mission for observation and a psychological evaluation, being replaced by 2 other Agents, while SCP-5163 was contained without further incidents. Although both agents are currently unable to remember their interaction with SCP-5163, they occasionally still claim that they feel as if "something is missing."

Addendum 1:

 Agent Nicholas Campbell was deemed as free of any effects regarding SCP-5163 on 25/08/2013, after stating that he no longer feels anything unusual, while Agent Coulson Jones still claims to feel an "unexplainable emptiness", which could mean that SCP-5163's effects might affect certain individuals more than others. Nonetheless, both Agents are currently able to perform their duties without any significant problems.

Addendum 2:

 The piece of paper found together with the object had the following writing by an unknown subject:

"I'm so so sorry Kenny, but I can't stay here anymore, I need to be strong and leave you behind even though that feels almost impossible to me. My heart is falling apart and I am crying so much while writing this because I am 100% sure that I will never again find anything as cute and as amazing as you are, but I truly need to go, as I have been spending more than 15 hours just playing with you every day and I need to focus on something else for now… But know that you are always on my mind, and to be honest, I will probably return to be with you sooner or later, so please just wait for me. This house is yours now."