Item Number: SCP-4074
Rating: 34
Series: series-5
Tags: _cc, biological, light, miniature, plant, safe, scp, sun

An SCP-4074-2 specimen. The "nebula" is falsely colored.

Item #:

 SCP-4074

Object Class:

 Safe

Special Containment Procedures:

 All specimens of SCP-4074-2 are to be contained in the Botanical Section on Site-31. Access to each specimen is limited to Level 3 and above personnel, and is strictly for research purposes only.

Currently, SCP-4074-1 is being contained in the onsite 

infirmary

 ICU for anomalous humanoids. As soon as subject is physically and mentally fit or an interview, any qualified personnel in the immediate vicinity is authorized to begin interrogating the subject.

Update:

 On 5/11/18, subject has ceased all life functions. On Dr. Evalo’s approved request, the cadaver of SCP-4074-1 is to be sent to his department for his ongoing research regarding anomalous humanoids.

Description:

 SCP-4074-2 is an anomalous plant, superficially and genetically similar to 

Phalaenopsis blume

. Aside from its unusual growth rate

1

, the specimen’s significant anomalous properties manifests when it enters its reproductive cycle.

Approximately two weeks after its bud has developed, a glowing revolving gas, closely resembling that of a miniature nebula, will grow around the bud whose diameter and luminosity will grow exponentially, relative to the growth of the bud. Test results shows that the gas is composed of helium and hydrogen

2

.

SCP-4074-2, five seconds after the collapse of its "nebula".

Approximately two weeks after its initial appearance, the gas, which usually have an average maximum diameter and luminosity of 35 cm and 280 lm, respectively, will instantaneously collapse in on itself, creating a solid six cm sized glowing orb that usually has an average temperature and luminosity of 34°C and 500 lm, respectively.

The orb will emit a steady output of light and heat for seven to ten days before it will begin to steadily and completely decrease both in output and activity, leaving behind a spherical pod of the same diameter. When pried open, the pod will always contain three 1.2 cm sized seeds that when planted will grow into another instance of SCP-4074-2.

Research in imitating the specimen’s "bioluminescence" to create a cheap and alternative biologically-based light source is currently underway. Qualified researchers may submit an application to Dr. Leara.

SCP-4074-1 is an emaciated Caucasian male, 1.75 m in height and 46 kg in weight. Excluding its initial discovery and the following ICU incident, no further activity or properties from or related to the subject is deemed anomalous. (Refer to addenda "History" and "ICU".)

Addendum/History:

Open File

Close File

On 6/1/18, local news about a cut-down tree bleeding blood was detected during a standard Foundation information sweep. After a sample taken by an agent confirmed that the blood was indeed human in origin, the tree was quarantined with the cover story that the blood coloration was actually a mutated tree sap that could possibly be toxic. Foundation manufactured samples were given to the local biologists to avoid suspicion. After test results showed mild toxicity, Foundation agents, disguised as international biologist and botanists were given permission to remove all traces of the tree. Upon excavation of the stump, a thicker root was discovered to be originating from a hand of an unconscious SCP-4074-1 who was contained in a cement casing 1.83 x 0.46 x 0.61 m, with his right hand protruding outside of the casing

3

. When subject was confirmed to be still living, SCP-4074-1, after receiving authorization from HQ, was safely extracted and discreetly rushed to the nearest Foundation site.

Addendum/ICU Incident:

Open File

Close File

Further investigation of the subject revealed that all of its orifices were surgically sewn shut. The tree

4

 grew from subject’s hand which collected water, nutrients, and oxygen which it delivered to the subject as a form of sustenance

5

. An unknown solid object was discovered in the subject’s stomach which, upon authorization, was surgically removed. Upon the object's removal, SCP-4074-1 suddenly became active and agitated, repeatedly shouting

6

 the following words,

GIVE IT TO ME!

I NEED TO GIVE IT TO THEM!

SWALLOWED IT UP TO HIDE IT!

GIVE IT BACK!

Immediately after a few minutes of struggling and screaming in its restraints, subject started to violently convulse and became unconscious. Subject has shown no signs or consciousness ever since.

Addendum/OOI:

Open File

Close File

The object acquired from the subject's stomach was discovered to be two rolled up envelopes, encased in plastic designated as OOI (Object of Interest) 1 (external) and 2 (internal).

OOI 1

As OOI 1 was more exposed to the subject's stomach fluids, it has suffered significantly more damage compared to OOI 2 which was located in the interior of the roll.

The content of the letter is transcribed below.

Note:

 

Due to the damages sustained by the letter, some characters are either missing or illegible. The legible letters are transcribed as it is located on the letter.

Hello

hidden

 swe

etie

, I’m sor

ry

 that daddy w

asn’t

able to com

e to y

our party.

I kn

ow

 I promis

ed

 you that I will be there but work is kee

ping

 daddy 

rea

lly busy. I’m re

ally s

orry sw

eetie

 but don’t worr

y because I have a s

urprise for you.

Remembe

r

 that t

ime

 whe

n we w

ent to the sunflowe

r

 farm and you wer

e

 so disappoin

ted b

ecause the 

f

lowers didn’t glow. W

ell g

uess what?

You se

e those seeds? Just plan

t the

m and wait for it to flower. I kno

w how much you l

ike gardenin

g an

d space, so I added 

a lit

tle surprise there. Yo

u’ll just have t

o wait and see.

Dad

dy is ve

ry, very sorry again swe

etie but r

emember this, 

daddy will a

lways, ALWAYS love y

ou.

Why? Be

cause

 you’re d

addy’s

 

pr

ecious little sunshine.

I lo

ve

 you Lyla, and hap

py b

irthday!”

OOI 2

OOI 2 is a small slightly damaged brown envelope containing a letter, which was undamaged, and 3 seeds of SCP-4074-2 contained within a small plastic pouch.

The content of the letter is transcribed below.

I’m sorry.

I know that it is not enough but I truly am sorry.

I love you,

I love both of you, and I know this is not the life that I promised you.

I needed to leave because THEY were getting close and that would have put you both in danger.

If you're tired of hiding and running, I'll understand if you leave. You deserve a better man.

But please, PLEASE, don't hide her from me. Don't make her hate me.

This world is dark and cruel but somehow, with her, it's a little bit brighter and warmer.

Please, don't take my little sunshine away.

Footnotes

1

. SCP-4074-2 grows twice as fast compared to its normal species counterpart.

2

. Why the gases glow and are unaffected by gravity is still unknown.

3

. The group/organization responsible for encasing the subject is still unknown. The case itself is normal and no signs or marks that can be used to identify its source is visible.

4

. Despite the tree's size, its growth rings suggest that it is only four years old.

5

. Exactly how these process worked is still unclear.

6

. At the expense of lacerating the subject's lips.