Item Number: SCP-6535
Rating: 232
Series: series-7
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, _listpages, alive, esoteric-class, humanoid, meta, reality-bending, sapient, scp, sleep, uncontained

Ecronak

Enjoyed the skip? Give some of my other works a look 

here

!

 

Taina.

Secure Containment Procedures:

Description:

 Julia Kim is a seventeen year old girl currently living in the town of Tahimic, Oregon, on 321 Maple Street. At present, she is accompanied by her sister, a 7 year old girl called Taina Kim

1

.

On weekends, they are generally found exploring the forest near their home, and can sometimes be seen laughing with glee as they explore nearby caves. They actually almost never stay indoors, since Taina often says that “the house is boring”.

Right now, Julia Kim and Taina Kim are living the life of adventure. Julia often describes Tahimic as “a little slice of paradise”, and has been living there with her sister for the last ten years.

Addendum 6535.1:

 The following pictures have been found in the journal of Julie Kim, and are known to be her pictures of the town of Tahimic, since Julie Kim is an avid photographer.

Tahimici Falls. Beautiful place.

The House.

What a fantastic view.

Sisters forever <3

Off to the park!

Presently, the two sisters are off to the local park to enjoy the great outdoors! They’re expected to have a grand old time : )

Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!

Re:What the hell is this?

To:

 Dr. Jessie Valerie, Junior Team Leader

From:

 Dr. Xavier Fern, Head Researcher

Subject:

 What the hell is this?

Just got a notification on SCiPNET today saying that 6535’s file has been changed. Went to check it, saw this.

[Attachment:????.png]

I mean, I really don't know why this file has been assigned to me. Is this a joke? Some glitch? The fact that SCiPNET notified me of it suggests the latter, but the way this is formatted… please tell me this isn’t any of your subordinates goofing off again.

Dr. Valerie, please be reminded that unprofessionalism of this magnitude, including tampering with an empty SCP slot will be subject to severe disciplinary action. I’ll withhold an official investigation for now, but keep in mind that this is serious.

If it actually is a glitch, and I really don't think it is, contact IT and keep it off the books. If it isn’t, tell me now. I have a lot of skips to manage, and I just… cannot waste time on whatever this is.

-Fern

 

To:

 Dr. Xavier Fern, Head Researcher

From:

 Dr. Jessie Valerie, Junior Team Leader

Subject:

 Re:What the hell is this?

Sir, I am so sorry for the trouble, but please be rest assured that none of this is from us. Neither I nor any of my coworkers have ever seen this file before, and we’re convinced it’s a glitch. We’ve also taken the time to contact IT, so hopefully there should be no bother for you in the future.

Again, Sir, we sincerely apologize for the hassle this has caused you.

-Dr. Valerie, Junior Team Leader.

A NEW UPDATE TO THIS FILE HAS BEEN UPLOADED. View?

Footnotes

1

. As of the time of writing, Taina Kim has brown eyes, a smile that’s so warm and comforting, and is the most intelligent girl that you could ever imagine.