Item Number: SCP-8950
Rating: 4
Series: series-9
Tags: arachnid, body-horror, murder-monster, mystery, pending, phenomenon, scp



close

Info

X

SCP-8950 - Itsy

”Can you read between the Morse code lines?” - Will Wood

 

Image can be found 

here

.

Author:

 Doctor Scrappy

 

Item#:

 

8950

Level2

Containment Class:

pending

Secondary Class:

N/A

Disruption Class:

dark

Risk Class:

notice

link to memo

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES

 

SCP-8950 is under the jurisdiction of the 

Department of Unconfirmed Anomalies

. Due to the nature of the event, containment is not feasible, nor required. Efforts are to focus on the distribution of misinformation of a quadruple homicide.

 

DESCRIPTION

 

SCP-8950 designates the murder of the Raikō family. Further information is in [APPENDIX 8950-002].

 

APPENDIX [8950-001] - HISTORY

 

On 11/18/2024, 09:13 JST, neighbor Hakari ██████

1

 discovered the members of the Raikō family deceased in their apartment.

Due to the unexplainable nature of the event, Foundation operatives embedded within local law enforcement investigated the situation. The incident was subsequently designated as an extranormal event. 

(See APPENDIX [8950-002] for further information.)

 

APPENDIX [8950-002]

 

The following is a list of the members of the Raikō family upon discovery.

Bedroom (closet not visible).

NAME

DESCRIPTION

LOCATION

STATUS

Akira Raikō

Male, 12

Bedroom

Found in closet. Body partially dissolved by unidentified substance.

Mai Raikō

Female, 19

Bathroom

Located on ceiling. Fixed to the ceiling by unidentified silk-like material. Facial orifices display signs of breach from inside.

Chyio Raikō

Female, 47

Dining Room

Self-inflicted gunshot wound to the back of the throat. Traces of earth on subject’s clothes.

Akihiko Raikō

Male, 46

Kitchen

Lying on the floor. Laceration wound in chest. Kitchen knife coated in same unidentified substance. 21 skulls strewn near subject. Analysis identified each of the skulls to belong to children gone missing in the last 10 years.

 

Upon further questioning of Hakari ██████, an unidentified individual wearing long robes had reportedly entered the Raikō family’s residence prior. Statement transcribed as follows:

”[…] and he— she— was wearing long robes. Like […] a monk, of sorts […]”

 

 

Footnotes

1

. Surname redacted per civilian privacy protocols.